Update debug.md (#5134)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.2/cloud/howtos/debug.md

                start: |
                    cat /etc/php/7.0/fpm/php-fpm.conf | sed -e 's/request_terminate_timeout.*//g' > /tmp/php-fpm.conf
                    /usr/sbin/php-fpm7.0 -y /tmp/php-fpm.conf
		    

>     Note that actual path to php-fpm can be different: check `/etc/alternatives/php` symlink on your cloud server.

Reviewer: I should use a info box:

```suggestion
    {: .bs-callout-info}
    Note that actual path to php-fpm can be different: check `/etc/alternatives/php` symlink on your cloud server.
```

                start: |
                    cat /etc/php/7.0/fpm/php-fpm.conf | sed -e 's/request_terminate_timeout.*//g' > /tmp/php-fpm.conf
                    /usr/sbin/php-fpm7.0 -y /tmp/php-fpm.conf
		    
    {: .bs-callout-info}

>     Note that actual path to php-fpm can be different: check `/etc/alternatives/php` symlink on your cloud server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The actual path to the `php-fpm` configuration file can be different than the one in the example. For the correct path, open an SSH connection to the Cloud environment,  and check the value for the `/etc/alternatives/php` symlink.
```
```suggestion
    The actual path to the `php-fpm` configuration file can be different than the path in the example. For the correct path, check `/etc/alternatives/php` symlink on your cloud server.
```
